hello YouTube
I have a new park for you guys today
it's bluetooth headphones by blue tio
comes in a box like this cool looking
box there's a hurricane
it has bluetooth 4.1 up to 46 hours
talktime thousand six hundred twenty
five hours standby time forty hours of
music and it takes roughly about two
hours to charge this unit let's open it
up and see what's inside
it comes in like this
I ordered the white ones so yeah pretty
neat design little flimsy you get this
cable in here just in case you run out
juice you can plug it into something and
still listen comes with the charger
cable and instructions we'll read that
later alright
the headphones feel pretty comfy on the
head they're not too heavy so they feel
good let's test the sound out on these
hold the power button even so it says
power I'm gonna do a base test
well that's enough of that I have to say
these headphones are worth the money pay
$27 on eBay I'm quite impressed with
these if you're looking for a good pair
of headphones for a low price I'll get
these I mean 40 hours of music 40 hours
I mean that's just crazy get these you
won't be disappointed I guarantee it
thanks for watching like subscribe have
a nice day